All in `ast.ml`

## Variables

The type `var` is used to represent program variables for local variables, function names, function arguments and loop indices.
A `var` carries a name as a string, a unique identifier and optionally a namespace qualifier.
A program variable has a binding point (let, let fun, for), and a number of occurences.

### When the AST is in a stable state

**Identification Invariant**: In a stable AST, every variable carries a non-dummy identifier (`>= 0`).

**Uniqueness Invariant**: In a given AST, two different binding points must introduce variables using different ids, regardless of their names.
To ensure uniqueness, transformations must call `trm_copy` when duplicating subterms.

**Scoping Invariant**: If an occurence of a variable 'x' refers to a binding point of 'x' according to the scoping rules of the programming language, then the two variables must have the same identifier.

There can be free toplevel variables. They have no visible binding point and their identifier is generated by a call to `toplevel_free_var`.

### Transition states

After parsing, identifiers are set to the dummy value '-1'.
The function `Scope.infer_var_ids` produces an ast with correct identifiers according to the scoping rules.
This function is called during the encoding/decoding phases.

TODO: implement
If a transformation introduces dummy identifiers, it should call `Trace.needs_infer_var_ids` to ensure that the stable AST invariant is restored.

### Checking invariants

`Scope.check_unique_var_ids` checks the Uniqueness Invariant. It fails if the invariant is broken.
It has an option to also check the Identification Invariant.

`Scope.check_var_ids` checks all three invariants.

### Display mechanism

In order to pretty print ASTs with identifiers in a deterministic and human-readable fashion, we provide a renaming function `Scope.unique_alpha_rename`.
This function renames program variables to give each binder a unique name.
For example 'x' with id #18 could be printed as 'x__0' and 'x' with id #29 as 'x__1'.

TODO: call Flags.display_var_ids := true in your script to activate this renaming.